Look, all the leaders in the county are here, look
City leaders and provincial leaders?
It's all here
Our Zhaojiacun is really lively today.
What's the matter with you Zhaojiacun?
These leaders
Must have known my son won the Olympics.
Specially to congratulate
These great leaders can come to your village
You pancakes are taking advantage of me
You are the richest man in Ma
Kids, our network is no worse than yours
If you still don't apologize and compensate
Just wait for bad luck
You like to be self-righteous these days
Who is unlucky today?
OK
Hey.
Leader, this is my son
He is this year's Olympic champion.
Zhao Luolan
Hurry up, hahahaha!
The Olympic Games
You not only broke Chen Fang's 20-year weightlifting record
It has also become the most stunning event in the Olympic Games
The most dazzling Olympic champion
Glory to the country